0.  A lung disease otherwise known of as silicosis.  Longest word in the English language
published in a dictionary.  It is an occupational lung disease
that is caused by the inhalation of silica dust.

1.  getrusage is used to determine the resource cost of a process, and any of it's children/descendant's
processes.  Can be used to determine how much time a process takes.

2.  getrusage has 16 member variables.  14 are longs and 2 are struct timevals

3.  I think that they are passed by reference to handle the case in which either of them
has a NULL pointer.  This case is handled by the calculate function, and bad errors could
occur if NULL pointers are passed into the function and not handled appropriately.

4.  The loop is iterated over each character in the text file.  If the character is
alphabetical or an apostrophe, it is appended to a current "word" being looked at.
If a numeric value is found, the spell-checker will not analyze the validity of the word.
So, the file pointer is moved forward until the next non-alphanumeric character.  As well,
if there is a string of alphabetical characters longer than the maximum word length,
again the word will not be checked, and the variable "word" is reset.

If a character is read that is neither alphanumeric, or an apostrophe, this is taken to 
signify the end of a word.  The current word would then be appended with the '\0'
character, words is incremented, and the word is checked against the dictionary being used.  The time taken
for the check will be appended to the total length of time taken for checking words (time_check).
If the word is misspelled, the mispelled word is printed to stdout, and the number of misspelled words
(misspellings) is incremented.  Word is then reset.

5.  Using fscanf would probably be possible, however it would probably be less efficient.
For each word that is scanned, the word would subsequently have to be searched for
numeric characters.  It would also have to be searched (and split into multiple words) if there were
any words in the text separated by puncuation with no spaces.  Both of these situations are 
far more easily handled by simply using fgetc.

6.  The parameters are declared as constants because the check and load functions should not 
change the word or dictionary variables in any way.  This declaration ensures that the programmer
does not inadvertently change those variables - because if they do an error will occur.
